So, when you're not deployed, life is actually pretty good. So, the military
comes in waves. Our hard time is when we go on deployment. That's
when you give it your all, that's when you're working the hardest
but when you come back then they kind of go easy on you. So, well
actually, I was living in San Diego. This is an example from when I
was down there and our days were pretty early so that we fight the
rush hour traffic. I think they began at six and then noon, that's when
we normally have our lunch but they just send us home. So, days
are cut short at six hours and so you just like, actually it's five
hours because the traffic is the thing that cuts most of the morning.
So, days are from seven to noon and then you split and go home and
go see your family. So, you have a lot more time sometimes when you
get off deployment.